[Music]
so
good morning hello i haven't vlogged in
a while and it feels so nice to be
picking up
the camera again i hope you're having
the loveliest day so far
i've really missed vlogging to be honest
and just showing you guys what i go up
to while i eat and
sharing all recipes i'm super happy to
be back filming this stuff
after the new year and also a happy new
year
can you believe like 2020 just seemed to
go
so quick i'm wishing you the best 2021
ever it's going to be a much better year
than last what time is it i think it's
about 10 past 7 now
and the sun is just coming up we're just
about to head out and sort of like catch
the sunrise somewhere the first things
first your girl needs
her coffee like i haven't had a coffee
just yet over christmas and new year i
just tried to just go a bit cold turkey
for a bit because
i wasn't really working out or anything
i wasn't getting up ridiculously early
so
didn't really feel the need jump
straight into the video i feel like i've
got a lot to fill you in on but first i
need coffee obviously
i would really appreciate it if you
could hit like and make sure you
subscribe
and join the familia
[Music]
sorry
[Applause]
[Music]
this morning we've never been before
we're gonna aim to be like
doing sunrise paddleboard but i think
we've missed it hey olivia
what you going on
don't worry about sweetheart hey brandon
what you gonna do don't worry about it
don't worry about it sweetheart don't
worry about it
this stuff so this is jerry
the car we hired this so we're just
gonna go
[Music]
we are just on our way to the palm
that's where we're gonna go
do this paddleboard thing and we're
gonna pick melissa
good morning good morning hello hello
hello
[Music]
so we just got to the paddleboard place
and it's so
lovely and like black i see so it's
called riva
at
[Music]
graceful abs graceful
i'm just chilling on
we're just pounding about and then i
think we're gonna go for some breakfast
it's about nine o'clock
we just did like an hour on here it's
like meditation like it's so
peaceful and there's literally just
those guys on here this is
the first one i've done in dubai but i
did it in spain but it was a much like
smaller board this one like you can
actually balance
um if you're ever in dubai make sure you
do this it's just really fun and it's
like a workout as well like
really gets your call i did just drop my
phone and see that as i was picking it
up
[Music]
thank you you can get six dishes
we can come here this is every day of
the week it's a really nice menu
today i thought you meant to share you
know originally like six
six three
that's got like some lovely granola
banana
and then a shack chewy with halloumi
another poached egg and some bread
so this is my three and then we're also
gonna get some more
this is lovely here this is definitely
the best breakfast we've had in dubai so
far oh the egg's so perfect
[Music]
the main course i've gone for blueberry
pancakes
they're only like mini portions i think
that's some maple syrup
some truffle scrambled egg on sourdough
and a sweet potato and coconut i think
cake with blueberries we all kind of got
some cinnamon
this is honestly penelope and spirit
four that's rare
oh cute hello
oh my gosh these are the ones that we
could see at the apartment window the
other day
a bird all over your shoulder loads of
seagulls just flew down really low
i just got into some steps in and
suddenly just going down now
i've still been trying to keep to my
like tank of steps a day
when we first got here and we didn't
hire a car for the first few days
so we're walking low i think we're doing
like 20 20 to 25k
and then since we've got car obviously
been much lazier
hello golden hour we've walked right to
the other end
of this beach
so we have just got back in and made a
quick
beef burger thing with a loaf of salad
and then this like kind of like chapati
like
our style bread and super simple
back on nutritious meals finally
mason's got the same as well 24 hours
[Music]
later
for this part make sure you've got
yourself a cup of tea or a coffee
i feel like we just need to catch up i
need to fill you in on like what's been
going on
why i'm in dubai like how long i'm here
for kind of thing
so yeah first things first i'm sending
so much love to you guys to anyone who
is in a complete lockdown at the moment
and if you're really
sort of struggling just know my dms are
always open i think it's a really good
time
to reach out to people speak to your
friends and family like on a daily
create some little support systems for
yourself because it's really not easy
the last lockdown
the one we had in early december oh my
god i really struggled in that one and
it was nowhere near as it wasn't a full
kind of lockdown as much as the new one
i don't want to ever sort of ignore the
current situation in the uk because it's
really not it's not good right now so
secondly i just wanted to mention so
yeah we've been in dubai a couple of
weeks now and i've had
so many messages like are you there on
holiday like what were you doing there
mason and i planned to come to dubai
just after christmas
his sister melissa lives here she's
lived and worked here for like
over nine years now so we've we come
over like quite frequently anyway mason
i've discussed over like the past year
how we would love to move somewhere i've
mentioned that
in quite a few of my like youtube vlogs
you'll have seen how i've always sort of
said in my q and a's like
because i'm living in manchester and i
have them for maybe two and a half years
but
none of my family are there i don't have
any ties as such i can work from as long
as i've got
wi-fi and my laptop always kind of
thoughts myself like i don't really know
why i stayed in manchester for so long
but obviously that was down to
coved last year like it was pretty
impossible to move anywhere
then and also in the same hand like i've
never sort of been somewhere i thought
or could really live here
so basically mason i came out here with
a view to see what it's like to lip to
actually live here like
really sort of settling that's why we're
here for a few more weeks and just
make a decision from there really like
with everything being so
uncertain at the moment like we can't i
don't think any of us at the moment can
make long-term decisions because each
week things are changing
when we came to dubai we weren't in tier
four we weren't
in any wrong lockdown obviously because
i have penelope i really want to make
sure if i'm
moving somewhere i want to make sure
it's 100 because i will have to
transport penelope over here like
wherever i move to penelope will always
be
by my side but i don't want to put her
through a lot of stress and things like
say if it's not
100 set in stone and then obviously the
other thing is you might already know
this if you know a bit about dubai but
in the summer
it gets like crazily hot like at the
moment because it's winter here it's
actually quite cool i don't know what
temperature is really but
it's like it gets quite nippy on an
evening but obviously in the summer
months it is just crazily hot and a lot
of people who
live here and like expats and things
they tend to
move for the summer months so that's
something to sort of like consider
because i'm looking at dubai from like
you know the the weather's a big
aspect for me because i always like to
be outside and i like to go for a walk
and
i would hate to sort of live somewhere
where i can't even like mooch about
that's the situation with dubai
so we've just been in this apartment
like new department twice we're in this
place been here a week so like coming up
to a week so far i absolutely love it
here like we're in
jbr so super central i love being able
to walk
everywhere i never thought i could live
in an apartment but i love this place so
much like there's like floor to ceiling
windows
i can see the beach from here and i'll
show you around here actually because i
haven't actually shown you guys on my
youtube
you come through this main door got all
our trainers and stuff and then just put
some suitcases there that's a nice
little
bit of storage area through here into
the
like dining and living area we've been
using this
as like a workspace as you can see just
been doing some editing and stuff on
there
there's loads of plug sockets as well in
this apartment which i know is a bit of
a strange thing to notice but it's so
handy i love these like blue chairs
and just the whole decor in here is just
such a vibe the first thing i noticed
was the floor
to ceiling window the amount of natural
light you get through and it just makes
it feel
so much bigger and spacious and not to
mention like the ceilings in here are
just so high
like i said i've never really been a fan
of that apartment living but this is
just gorgeous you know to see the sea
out there
and here is just a sofa with
coffee table and stuff and then there's
a tv over here but i've got my washing
rail up
yeah do some washing as you spin around
here
this is the kitchen i'll just show you
in here first so yeah and here's the
first bathroom hello
really nice big mirrors with like
lighting underneath absolutely loving to
use i can really appreciate all the
details here some really nice storage
cupboards underneath there
mason slippers it made me laugh so much
and brought these to the kitchen
there's these like sliding doors things
we've not really shut these to be honest
i guess if you're cooking something like
fish they would be really handy rather
than making the whole apartment smell
like light gray kind of white kitchen
with
oven hob so happy that it's a really
good washing machine as well here
and loads of cupboards and you guys know
me when i saw they had like an espresso
machine i just made one actually earlier
i'm just waiting for it to cool down
and i'll see keta and stuff i love being
like this open plan
kind of feel as well all the cutlery
like you know sometimes when you stay in
apartments like they don't always have
like stuff like a cheese grater
and just little accessories like a pizza
cutter and even cup
sizes like i don't even have these at
home and i really should do what's in
here just some more stuff we've got the
fridge
this was so empty i had a delivery
earlier so we've got some cranberry
juice almond milk i managed to find the
unsweetened one
and then some rose wine which i haven't
had got some salmon in there i actually
really like seeing inside people's
fridges
and then i've got these mango and peach
yogurts they're nice but not my fave
i picked up some salmon this meat over
here is actually really expensive
and food shopping in dubai is quite
expensive i guess because not everything
is like easy to grow over here a box
with just some veggies and stuff
in some celery sticks some frozen
blueberries and i also oh my god i found
this over
here it's so good alcoholic like 322
calorie
ice cream i don't know where this
brand's from like this was really good
like one of the
nicest like lower cow ice creams i've
had of course some frozen blueberries
for my oh
i'll try this new coconut and cashew
flavour i don't really like the plant
ones to be fair
but still good like just if i'm on the
go and i need some protein picked these
up from a chemist dressing like
multivitamin in orange flavour
i don't know whether it's placebo but i
do feel a lot more energetic like just
after having some magnesium
for about a week and then i ordered some
food stuff today
and then you come in here to the main
bedroom
which is my favorite room of this whole
place the first thing i noticed was this
crystal like
that's what i mean about i've been
manifesting everything like even a
blooming crystal in the room like a
little seating area like you can really
see how just how spacious it is
this bed i kid you not is just the
comfiest thing you can see
the dubai wheel out from here i've been
personally loving
the camels can you see those camels down
there every morning i like watching
those you've only been away from your
pet
for a while and literally any animal
just reminds you of your own that is
literally me
view of the pool down here beautiful
i am so here for the glass hot all the
way around
as you come around this corner this is
like a little wardrobe area and in here
is the main bathroom which is also
really nice as well lovely rainfall
shower
and i've got all my shower bits in there
somewhere like all my makeup
hair stuff in these bottom drawers which
is just so handy keeping things
a bit tidier so yeah so this is the
whole place
really really loved staying here
hello welcome back hello
this morning i thought i'd bring you
along and show you guys
today we are just heading to gymnasium
i'm training with my friend today so i
just thought it'd be nice to
video like work out and stuff for a
couple minutes late so
yeah i'll see you in the gym i haven't
been to this one before it's like i'm
dropping linear up uh
hello so i'm with ellie today and
we are in gymnasium i'm not the
awkwardest person when i'm
not getting this
we're gonna train legs today and i'll
just take you through our workout
[Music]
so
yay well done
so we've just finished up our lower body
session
feeling super sweaty yeah i'm dripping
my legs are on fire
like we did a killer rock set as well to
finish with the hamstring curls but yeah
so
a few moments later so just got back
from training that was a really good low
body session
we did and so lovely to me ellie as well
we followed each other for a while but
like not properly met before so that was
just so nice
and i just ordered like a food shop on
delivery from this place called ketopie
i love that here that you can literally
order a food shop kind of like delivery
i know you can get like groceries and
stuff like in the uk but i thought it
was really cool and also this many come
in like paper packaging rather than
plastic which
is amazing hopefully this is a good food
shop thing so i kind of struggled
because
i was just like i didn't know where to
order from or anything i've needed some
food in like this morning
i had the most bland oats you could ever
imagine that's been that i'm just gonna
unpack this i'll show you what i got as
[Music]
well
so it's coming this little packaging
look at that
a bag of corn chips some meat chicken
and scallops
yeah i've got like three packs of
chicken breasts there
and then some like pizza style bread but
like
kind of like arab style version of those
some celery sticks and i like that's
nice big portion
some organic eggs and then just some
waters
um and yeah that is right just a little
food shop i did get some stuff the other
day as well yeah that's pretty
much everything to update you on like
with dubai and obviously i'll keep you
updated as we go we've been here a few
weeks haven't we i've not
done that much been out for some dinners
we've done
bits and bytes but like i've been
working so much just catching up with
a lot of like back end stuff and
planning got a really exciting
meeting this afternoon and i'm kind of
nervous for it
there's a lot of opportunities for me in
dubai with my work and stuff and it's
just a good place for me to be right now
since i've been in dubai i have never
felt so
in tune with in terms of like
manifestation and
just weird things keep occurring here
like the people i'm having a meeting
with people who i've been speaking with
for like maybe
six months back home in the uk who have
also like
kind of relocated here and something
else i put on my story this week was
like i've really felt in touch with like
my mum recently i don't know whether
it's just because it's a new year and
like obviously i think whenever we go
into a new year
like so many thoughts going through your
head about like how you want
things to maybe change or where you can
improve i don't know whether that's it
yeah that's all i kind of wanted to
mention i hope that clears a few things
up for you i think i might do like a
little q a
or something either on my instagram or
in my next youtube videos but um if
there's anything you would like
from me like whilst i'm in dubai or if
you've got any questions pop them in
below and
pop them in below and i'll make sure i
include them in any videos you want me
to do anyway guys so nice to be back
filming and i absolutely love like
catching up with you guys and hearing
how you've been all of that if there's
any specific content you would like for
me just pop it in the comments down
below and i'll be sure
to get on with that hope you have a
lovely day
and i'd love to stick around by
subscribing and liking this video and
i'll see you in the next one
[Music]
you